Terms And Conditions

Welcome to Videodeck!

These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Videodeck.

1. By using this app we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use Videodeck if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

2. The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person log on this website and compliant to the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of Netherlands. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same. Our Terms and Conditions were created with the help of the App Terms and Conditions Generator from App-Privacy-Policy.com

3. Unless otherwise stated, Videodeck and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Videodeck. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from Videodeck for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.

You must not:

    Republish material from Videodeck
    Sell, rent or sub-license material from Videodeck
    Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from Videodeck
    Redistribute content from Videodeck

This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.

4. We shall not be hold responsible for any content that appears on your App. You agree to protect and defend us against all claims that is rising on our App. No link(s) should appear on any Website that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.

5. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our App and the use of this app. Nothing in this disclaimer will:

    limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
    exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.

The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort and for breach of statutory duty.

As long as the app and the information and services on the app are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
